README.md, before:

# EthanThatOneKid's Codecasts 🔊
> A companion repository for my codecasts

## Where to Listen 🔮
My codecasts can be found [here][videos] on my YouTube channel.

## Selection 💽
1. `code-trade` [![YouTube Video Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/views/4gpAqkeyAyk?style=social)](https://youtu.be/4gpAqkeyAyk): [video](https://youtu.be/4gpAqkeyAyk), [code](https://github.com/EthanThatOneKid/code-trade)
1. `neo-part-1` [![YouTube Video Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/views/PN0gI5pwrW8?style=social)](https://youtu.be/PN0gI5pwrW8): [video](https://youtu.be/PN0gI5pwrW8), [code](https://github.com/EthanThatOneKid/neo)
1. `reddit-place-clone` [![YouTube Video Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/views/PN0gI5pwrW8?style=social)](https://youtu.be/PN0gI5pwrW8): [video](#), [code](https://github.com/EthanThatOneKid/reddit-place-clone)

---

[![Buy me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/buy%20me%20a-coffee-%23FF813F)][bmac]

Casted with 💖 by [EthanThatOneKid][site]

[site]: http://ethandavidson.com/
[videos]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbLNnDY4DZ9cRRev6DidK2Mh0P1-UY8QQ
[bmac]: http://buymeacoff.ee/etok

Commit message:

added reddit-place-clone episode info

README.md, after:

# EthanThatOneKid's Codecasts 🔊

> A companion repository for my *codecasts*

## Where to Listen 🔮

My codecasts can be found on my [YouTube channel][videos].

## Selection 💽

1. `code-trade` [![YouTube Video Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/views/4gpAqkeyAyk?style=social)](https://youtu.be/4gpAqkeyAyk): [video](https://youtu.be/4gpAqkeyAyk), [code](https://github.com/EthanThatOneKid/code-trade)
1. `neo-part-1` [![YouTube Video Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/views/PN0gI5pwrW8?style=social)](https://youtu.be/PN0gI5pwrW8): [video](https://youtu.be/PN0gI5pwrW8), [code](https://github.com/EthanThatOneKid/neo)
1. `reddit-place-clone` [![YouTube Video Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/views/PN0gI5pwrW8?style=social)](https://youtu.be/PN0gI5pwrW8): [video](#), [code](https://github.com/EthanThatOneKid/reddit-place-clone)

## Roadmap 🛣

- [ ] Reddit Place Clone (in Deno)
- [ ] CardWars Game Simulator (in Deno)
- [ ] L-System Implementation Benchmark (in C++, Go, Rust, TypeScript compiled to WASM).
- [ ] Video Game Specification Idea and Implementation
- [ ] Neo Part 2

---

[![Buy me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/buy%20me%20a-coffee-%23FF813F)][bmac]

Casted with 💖 by [EthanThatOneKid][site]

[site]: http://ethandavidson.com/
[videos]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbLNnDY4DZ9cRRev6DidK2Mh0P1-UY8QQ
[bmac]: http://buymeacoff.ee/etok
